So we're going reporting seniors that are registered to give feedback
to you. You the junior officer, in this case, you're the junior officer,
and you're carrying out daily mission. And you're gay crickets
from the chain of command. Okay, well, one thing crickets is usually
a sign off. You. You're okay. Because people will lay like a ton of
Rex on personnel and team members that are performance. So in this
case, you know your hearing nothing. Well, is that bad or good? First
off, you might want to sit down. You're going to have formal get togethers
either at morning quarters daily. Sit down with the XO. Planning
for for training to be a T, you know will be official times meetings,
and you could just or launch, you know, one of the meals. You
can have a couple cars, eh? So I just wanna make sure we're okay.
You know this direction? I'm going in. I have heard nothing back, so
I'm gonna continue our forces. Speed told directs otherwise, and I
don't believe I'm heading into the rocks. That's always one way to do
it. It's not necessarily a bad sign. If you're not getting feedback
It's just in this day and age. Frankly, everyone's busy, so you're
not broke. I'm not gonna fix you. And therefore, I'm not created me
back for the most part, especially that so I don't have to fix things
that are broke before fixing in a bar. Feedback. That's always the
case. But I'm saying you can operate that, but you might want to check.